EPISODE TITLE: Marge is a Robot

EPISODE SUMMARY: 

 Homer's dream of becoming a robot begins.  He sits on a couch reading his
favorite newspaper, while Marge plays with the TV.  The family watch cartoons of Homer and
Lisa in bed.  Marge tells Homer she can't get into "anything fun" because they're all robots.  Homer
 reluctantly agrees to play catch up.

 Bart reads an advertisement for a comic book store called "Bart's Brain."  (It's
designed by Lisa.)  ``I thought it was funny!''  She tosses in her own
 toy, but after three seconds, Bart realizes that he's playing catch up.
 At home, Homer opens his mouth, which says, ``Oh, my!''  Marge picks him up and
 kisses him.  Homer has trouble sleeping.  Itchy comes down from above and tries to stop him.  ``Good night, boy.''

 In the Krusty Burger stand, the kids are watching TV as they eat.  Some children hold signs such as ``Faster than a cat''.
 But Maggie doesn't take them very well.  ``That guy is too big!'' yells Mr. Burns.  ``If you don't want
to be part of this new group, we've got some other way to go.''  Bart offers
 one last offer: $50 for a picture of himself sitting on a rocking chair with his head
 lowered on the table.  Ms. Krabappel takes note of the billboard: ``The real thing!'', as does
 Homer.  While the rest of the family laughs, Marge asks if anyone else will buy it.  They have a
 list of suggestions...

 Homer goes to the Krusty Burger at Moe's Tavern.  Bart has fallen asleep waiting.  Bart licks his lips and
 sighs incoherently.  The waiter calls in a line to see how many people there are.  He looks around and
 discovers that everyone is eating and drinking.  One man eats
 a burger while the other puts down a can.  "Hey!" says the waiter, he reaches up and grabs one out
 of his pocket.  The waitress recognizes him and explains, "My name is Lisa Simpson."  She gives Homer
 the thumbs-up.  ``Oh, good God!'' says Skinner.  Bart tries to force himself into another
 conversation.  At Moe's Tavern, they meet again.  A beer stein sits outside the bar.  Another is pulled over.  Homer notices something
 behind the counter that suggests it should be Moe's.  It appears the two are talking about an old man, who
 is looking for money.  (``It was you, Mr. Burns!'')  Homer finds a $50 bill reading ``What the hell's going on here?'' and
 opens it.  ``I'll just pay the bills.''  Meanwhile, Ned watches from above, not paying attention to
 anything.  The only sound is the clicking of a doorbell.  In bed, Marge offers Homer some advice.
 [End of Act Three.  Time: 15:16]
   Episode summaries Copyright 1991 by Raymond Chen.  Not to be redistributed
   in a public forum without permission.  (The quotes themselves, of course,
   remain the property of The Simpsons, and the reproduced articles remain
   the property of the original authors.  I'm just taking credit for the
   compilation.)
   
   Ms.G: Mr. Burns, this week's episode was an excellent one.  There are tons of important changes in the story.
   -- Bart reads his mail, ``''
   
   It's been two weeks since we heard about Lisa's birthday, but at last Mrs. G finally has faith in the family's
   sense of humor.

 Comments and other observations


   Smithers: I thought you might like our report on what happened when your husband left the Springfield hospital.
   Announcer: That's right, that's how much she paid us!
   Homer: Oh, yeah, well, maybe I could have had better luck with her than most people do.
   Smithers: You mean they gave up eating out all together?
   Burns: Well, my sister didn't want to eat any meatballs, so I tried to sneak them into the house...but
    Smithers: Why did you throw away meatballs?
          Well, first off, there was no way I would have been able to sneak them in if we weren't home.
       [holds up a tray of meatballs]
         [to his room] I just don't get it, Marge.  The only thing left is for me to buy some bacon.
        [the men leave]
-- Bart and Lisa at dinner, 

Smithers and Burns are seated next to Burns' breakfast table.  Smithers gives his wife a glass of water.  "Good news," he says, "we're going to make your house taste like this."  They both turn their backs
on the television.  "You've done great work, sir," he announces, "you can go outside for a spin, or
        stay in your room forever."  He opens the door to his bedroom and sees Smithers and Burns inside
with one arm around Smithers' neck, wearing white shoes and flowing hair.  "Wow!  Your
head will look so green," he smiles, "and you'll be completely immersed in the air."  His head turns
into a pile of paper bags.  Smithers and Burns return to the kitchen.  As they sit down to rest, a large
swollen sack of books falls from the ceiling.

Homer: [whispering] I'm not going to miss it!  It's just that this is so much more fun than
       Homer Simpson!
Burns: Aw, but how do you know when someone who _can_ read me can write my mind into a pulp?
Homer: Well, there's no way I want to hear about it now.
Burns: All right, let's see...[hands them a book] That'll give us some guidance on what to expect from a
         man like you.
-- The ultimate challenge, 

Smithers: And yet another new discovery.  This time, Bart's brain is wired with three distinct channels which act as
           a sort of conduit for electrical energy.  These channels have been described as "the power
               of the soul."  They're thought to act like an electric fence, blocking out
          evil spirits, and preventing people from leaving their homes.
Smithers: Wow, these channels are pretty impressive.

THE END 

 [Roll End Credits]