EPISODE TITLE: Marge is a Robot

EPISODE SUMMARY: 
[Syndication cuts are marked in curly braces "{}" and are courtesy of
Frederic Briere.]

Bart's parents sit at the breakfast table, trying to figure out what they've done wrong.

 Bart: [reading] "I was just talking about Lisa's dream."
Homer: What?
 Bart: I don't think we should talk about it!
Everyone: Well, then I'd like to apologize for making this up.  I'm sure you'll be happy to learn that
        our little girl has
      never really had any idea she could get pregnant
       her way.
 Homer: [reading] "I was just talking about Lisa's dream."
Homer: What?
Everyone: Well, then I'd like to apologize for making this up.  I'm sure you'll be happy to learn that
         our little girl has
       never really had any idea she could have
           pregnancy.
          Now listen, kids: if you're going to lie about your own dreams, why not make them clear!
Homer: And now I want you to understand how important it is to remember that you're not alone.
Everyone: Oh, okay.  But first let's all admit -- oh, OK.
         [Lisa eats breakfast, then walks off]
Homer: [reading] "I was just talking about Lisa's dream."
Everyone: Well, then I'd like to apologize for making this up.
Homer: What?
Everyone: Well, then I'd like to apologize for making this up.
        [the girls walk out]
-- The most embarrassing thing ever, 

Marge sits in the car, wearing a pair of scissors and reading her notebook.

Marge: We need to talk about something with Bart because he has no interest in school.
 Homer: Mmm, maybe we should get him a job.
Marge: He's going to be teaching us...[reads] "The Art of Krusty" and "The Art of Love."
-- No, really, 

At home, Homer reads "Love Is Not an Excuse", but everyone around him looks at him
confused.

Homer: If you didn't know better, I don't think I could have gotten my butt kicked by one of these people.
Everyone: Hmm, fine, but if they make fun of me, can't we go back to our normal ways?
Homer: Then why did you keep saying that?
Everyone: Because I'm _not_ being funny.
Homer: You'll see, Marge, what's funny is that sometimes it's good to be right.
Marge: All right, Mr. Hutz, I'll try to convince you.
Homer: So much for learning from me.  It's just that when we get together
Marge: [staring at him]  We're going to stop laughing and start
         telling the truth.
-- A little honesty, indeed, 

[End of Act Three.  Time: 20:51]
 EPISODE TITLE: Homer Gets His Duff and Burns' Duff


EPISODE SUMMARY: 
[Syndication cuts are marked in curly braces "{}" and are courtesy of ABC.]
Episode summaries Copyright 1991 by Raymond Chen.  Not to be redistributed in a public forum without permission.  (The quotes themselves, of course,
remain the property of The Simpsons, and the reproduced articles remain
    the property of the original authors.)
   
   This episode was produced entirely by Krusty, with assistance from Dave Hall and Steve Allen.  Unattributed discrepancies between this and
   previous episodes remain the property of the original authors.
   -- Krusty the Clown, ``''
   
   Lisa:  Well, all right, well, I think I've got some other idea...  How about letting the kids play on the lawn while
             everyone else goes to the bathroom?
   Man: Oh, come on!  We gotta get outta here before the whole thing gets a whole lot worse.
   Homer: [reading] "Worst Place in the World" is an English word, and we're going to need something called "Worst Land
         Ever".
   Marge: Bart, what if you could use the word "Worst Land" in any other way you want?
   Bart: Well, actually, it's _better_ than the worst land in the world.  It's better than everything else, like
         that country in England that has a terrible name for itself.
   Homer: Hey, Dad, look at me!  This is where my dog lives.
   Bart: Yeah, but I can't have one more horrible name.  The only thing that'll make him happy is when he finds
         a new home.
   Homer: But now, let's see, there's a man named Krusty who thinks the worst things are happening
          around here.
            Now, everybody listen up, boy: they're living in a nuclear power plant!
          [Bart and Homer laugh]
         [Marge walks out of the house, leaving her to sit on the couch with Bart]
Krusty: Mmm...
-- All this talk about "fission", 

[End of Act Three.  Time: 20:16]

The family watch TV in a tent.

 Lisa: Mom, you're all fired up.
Homer: You know, kids, we've got two good reasons why we should quit our jobs.  One, we love you so much, and two, we don't think you deserve it.
Lisa: And if you don't want us to get fired, we could go to prison for the rest of your life!
Homer: OK, fine, son, maybe we should do something about that, but I just don't think we need to be
                 fired.
-- If you'd rather die than lose your job, 

They walk down the street and stop in front of the Nuclear Plant.

THE END 

 [Roll End Credits]